The Joe Rogan experience. I know you're not a big basketball guy,
but have you been watching that at all? I don't not. No. I heard.
It's amazing though.
Yeah. That's one where I literally thought of you during this last one.
And I'm like, I know Joe, isn't watching this cuz of basketball,
but you would love it because, um,
especially this last one,
coach Phil Jackson and his brain and the way he can motivate people,
I mean, it is shocking and never out of everything I've ever watched.
Have I paused something and just thought about it for a few minutes and then hit
play again and rewind again on a documentary. It's insane.
Well.
He's a Sue winner, you know? Yep. Those are always really interesting.
Like anyone who's that driven to be such a winner.
Like you stand out amongst winners as being so exceptional that everybody like
who's the goat. Michael Jordan is always the first pick. Yep. Right?
There's the, the there's wonder like how would LeBron, how would,
how would this, that, but everybody always says, Michael,
like to be that much of a super winner,
you think about all the people that are playing basketball,
all the people that are around him that are world class athletes. Yeah.
Professional athletes. And he stands out amongst.
Them. Well, he's so wildly competitive that he will beat you in your own game.
He will ask you what you're playing. Yeah. If you were playing with something,
you go, what is that? And he will immediately start.
And his only goal is to beat you at what you love and what you think you are
good at, whatever it is.
So it just happens to be the basketball's the one that yeah. He chose.
But also then he got that way with shoes, with like, he's like, all right, well,
if I'm gonna sign a shoe deal, then I'm gonna do this the right way.
Doesn't he do that with golf too? Doesn't he really in a gambling with golf?
Everything.
Yeah. They were throwing,
they throw coins against a wall and he's gambling with the security guards and
he can't wait to take their money. <laugh> he can't wait. He cannot wait.
He's talking to these guys that are protecting him. That is so.
Crazy.
That's so crazy in a game where you throw, try to,
to get the closest to the wall with a quarter, he used.
To have a celebrity, uh, pool tournament in Chicago. Wow. Yeah.
He had a pool tournament that he did all the time,
like a charity pool tournament. And I heard if you beat him at pool,
he hates you. Mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> yep. That sounds about right.
<laugh> everything that I'm gathering from this documentary is that if you're a
super.
I mean, I, not just a regular winner, but a, just a super winner.
He's so off the charts, as far as like to,
to be that kind of an achiever, you have to have a madness about you.
That's probably intolerable for most people. Yeah.
Just the desire to win conquer. In other days, man,
those are gladiators and other days generals mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
there's a lot of people that get into pro sports that it is it's really in a lot
of ways, it's it,
it moves them away from war in the best way that we know how
possible. But if we didn't have those,
if there was no sports and people just conquered each other,
those would be the Kings of the.
World. It came up in the Jordan documentary too.
He was like maybe 200 pounds for the first couple years of his career.
And then bulked up to two 15 solid muscle.
Yeah. I heard he was after playing the pistons. There was,
there were real physical.
His trainer,
he said would go back after every game and count the number of steps he took
with each foot in the direction he was taking.
So he would know how tired he should be and what he should be doing for him the
next day.
And whatnot. Oh my gosh. So he had left foot, right?
Foot left foot is back right foot for.
He, he would play, which they don't do today. He played in all, all 82 games.
He was rarely hurt cuz he knew that people were coming,
which was true to see him play. And if he didn't give them that performance,
he felt like he was cheating everyone.
And every time he would play anyone for the first time he
needed to show like he could never,
ever let anyone ever make them feel
they got one over on him.
So not only each game for the audience that are seeing him for the
first time in which he needs to dominate,
but especially towards his opponent who literally thinks that maybe,
maybe today will be my lucky day. You know, I'm going up against Jordan.
This is, you know, it's the middle of the season. He'll probably,
he's not gonna, he puts up 60 points or whatever in your face,
like embarrass you, you fall on the ground. He crosses you over.
He does everything that, you know, you get embarrassed.
He would try to make a fool out of these people.
I remember the first time I saw a photo of him,
it looked like he had left from center court. Yeah. Flying through the air.
Yeah. To dunk. And I'm a like who, how does a human even do that?
Yeah.
How does a 200 plus pound human fly through the air like that?
And, and you know, even towards the end of his career,
they just showed one where it's the all star game.
So he got to go up against Kobe Bryant for the first time because they're in two
different conference is that don't normally play.
And Kobe's this 18 year old that just, you know,
went straight from high school to the NBA,
completely dominating his side of things,
going up against Jordan for the first time ever.
And everybody on Kobe's side is saying, you know,
Kobe asked us to let him have Jordan and Jordan's on his side.
They have act footage.
That's what's crazy about this documentary is that somehow this camera crew,
Jordan,
let them come along in the ride in this green room for all this crazy exclusive
content. And he's saying to the guys, he goes, you guys all know this is in the,
not the green room, but the locker room before you guys,
you guys all know this kid's coming after me. Right? Like he's gonna want me,
so let me have him, blah, blah, blah, blah, cuz he wants to show the kid.
And sure enough, even though Kobe's 18 in peak peak,
peak physical condition, Jordan wins the MVP of that all star game.
Crushing it against a young Kobe Bryant. Well.
How crazy was he? He decided in the middle of all that,
I'm just gonna play baseball. Yeah. I'm just gonna be the best at baseball.
That comes up. He get there's. They go deep into, which is interesting.
How the media and a,
not a social media time period was hammering him because they built him up to be
this young guy out of North Carolina,
Olympic superstar killing,
literally scored more points than anybody's ever scored as a rookie in the NBA,
all this attention. And now he's the man.
And they started like beating him down with some of the gambling stuff he was
doing. It got out leaked out and then just added attention. And he's like,
you know, this. I'm gonna quit. I'm out. See it.
Quit. Wow. Because of all the negative tension, that's what they said.
Interesting. Makes sense. Yeah.
Well that's what happens when you become that guy?
You there's so much interest like to, to be that guy. First of all,
you have to have a fire burning inside.
You like most people will never be able to comprehend and a guy like that's
gonna be into other kinds of wild too, like gambling.
He's gonna wanna have thrill mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
he's gonna drive fast cars. He's gonna, he's a wild man,
a wild man at the peak of like one of the, I mean,
if you think about professional basketball,
you watch an NBA game and all the thought that's involved in which way you're
going and the ability to explode.
And then the ability to in the middle of all that land,
a precision shot into a hole. There's really not another sport like that.
I mean, baseball is, uh,
you're trying to hit something that's coming at you like crazy.
You're swinging as fast as you can. And there's a lot of skill to that as well,
obviously. And there's a lot of skill to pitching,
but there's something unique about basketball and that in all this chaos,
you gotta find stillness in all this chaos.
You gotta find the ability to stop and throw a perfect shot off.
So it's not just in incredible physical ability.
It's incredible physical ability and then touch. Yep. It's real weird. Yeah.
It's a very interesting sport in that way.
It requires you to have your together. Yeah. Like to execute that shot,
to have your together and you have to have mad practice.
Like one of the things that I used to love, uh, about growing up in Boston was,
uh, Larry Bird stories.
Like Larry Bird was apparently just an insanely disciplined
professional basketball player.
He would get there and practice before everybody stay.
After everybody practice things left and run.
And when they would have those three point competitions,
remember we would have those Allstar three point competitions in the locker
room. He would just be,
which one of you guys coming in second that's what would do just walk in <laugh>
they all knew, but it was just because he, first of all,
he could execute under pressure. And two, he was just better.
He could do things better than people. And even he said,
sometimes he thought it was God pretended to be Michael Jordan. Yeah.
<laugh> yeah. That's how good Michael Jordan was.
Every single legend is completely.
They have such good interviews with one with everybody.
Imagine they have such great stories. It's crazy how, you know,
I've always said a documentary has the potential to destroy to
be better than any other type of story.
Whether it be a movie or a book because it it's unbeliev.
It's like the tiger king, if it's amazing and it's real,
you can't beat it. You can't beat it. And uh,
that's what the last dance is doing. It's crazy.